You have just come back from the U.S. as a member of a Sino-American cultural exchange program. Write a letter to your American  colleague to 1) express your thanks for his/her warm reception; 2) welcome  him/her to visit China in due course. 
Suppose your cousin Li Ming has just been admitted to a university, write him/her a letter to 1) congratulate him/her, and 2) give himher  suggestions on how to get prepared for university life. 
Suppose you have found something wrong with the electronic dictionary that you bought from an online store the other day. Write a email to the customer service center to 1) make a complaint, and 2) demand a prompt solution. 
Suppose your class is to hold a charity sale for kids in need of help.Write your classmates an email to 1) inform them about the details, and encourage them to participate.
Suppose you are going to study abroad and share an apartment with John, alocal student. Write him an email to 1) tell him about your living habits, and 2) ask for advice about living there. 
Suppose your university is going to host a summer camp for high school students. Write a notice to 1) briefly introduce the camp activitees, and 2) call for volunteers. 
Suppose you won a translation contest and your friend, Jack, wrote an email to congratulate you and ask for advice on translation. Write him a reply to 1) thank him, and 2) give your advice. 
Suppose you are invited by Professor Williams to give a presentation about Chinese culture to a group of international students. Write a reply to 1) accept the invitation, and 2) introduce the key points of your presentation. 
Suppose you have to cancel your travel plan and wil not be able to visit Professor Smith. Write him an email to 1) apologize and explain the situation, and 2) suggest a future meeting. 
Suppose Professor Smith asked you to plan a debate on the theme of city trafic. Write him an email to I) suggest aspecific topic with your reasons, and 2) tell him about your arrangements. 
Suppose you are planning a tour of ahistoric site for a group of international students. Write them an email to 1) tel them about the site, and 2) give them some tips for the tour. 
Suppose you are organizing an online meeting. Write an email to Jack, an international student, to 1) invite him to participate, and 2) tel him about the details. 
Suppose you are planning a campus food festival for the international students. Please 1) tell them about the festival, and 2) invite them to participate 